python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s20_n5.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s18_n3.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s3_n10.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s3_n12.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s20_n12.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s13_n8.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s12_n5.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s11_n6.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s3_n32.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s11_n1.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s4_n9.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s14_n10.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s4_n3.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s20_n11.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s4_n13.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s12_n1.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s13_n2.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s3_n7.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s3_n23.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s14_n9.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s5_n2.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s3_n25.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s1_n1.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s2_n1.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s3_n36.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s4_n12.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s4_n2.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s20_n20.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s3_n31.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s14_n5.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s3_n21.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s2_n3.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s20_n14.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s18_n2.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s8_n8.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s3_n26.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s15_n3.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s20_n9.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s3_n24.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s20_n2.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s2_n6.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s2_n4.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s4_n14.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s1_n3.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s3_n33.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s13_n3.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s4_n15.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s8_n6.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s18_n5.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s8_n7.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s1_n2.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s3_n38.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s3_n3.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s12_n2.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s4_n1.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s3_n9.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s15_n2.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s15_n1.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s12_n8.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s3_n4.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s14_n7.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s9_n4.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s4_n6.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s12_n4.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s14_n1.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s8_n9.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s4_n19.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s3_n11.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s8_n12.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s12_n7.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s8_n3.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s12_n9.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s4_n4.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s4_n11.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s14_n4.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s13_n6.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s3_n27.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s18_n1.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s3_n28.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s4_n8.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s20_n16.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s14_n2.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s6_n2.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s3_n19.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s1_n5.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s13_n4.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s13_n9.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s8_n5.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s3_n8.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s8_n13.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s4_n16.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s14_n3.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s20_n15.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s4_n7.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s3_n39.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s3_n14.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s5_n1.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s4_n5.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s3_n2.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s20_n18.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s20_n4.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s3_n5.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s20_n1.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s8_n4.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s20_n6.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s12_n6.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s9_n2.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s6_n1.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s11_n5.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s3_n37.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s4_n10.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s6_n3.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s11_n4.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s4_n17.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s3_n6.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s3_n35.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s3_n20.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s3_n15.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s18_n6.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s1_n4.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s8_n10.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s3_n1.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s12_n3.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s4_n18.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s18_n7.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s3_n17.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s19_n2.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s15_n4.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s3_n30.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s3_n34.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s1_n6.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s14_n6.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s11_n3.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s11_n7.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s2_n2.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s13_n10.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s18_n4.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s8_n11.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s8_n1.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s20_n22.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s8_n2.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s3_n13.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s20_n19.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s20_n17.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s13_n5.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s3_n22.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s14_n8.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s3_n18.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s19_n1.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s13_n1.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s9_n1.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s13_n7.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s20_n8.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s20_n13.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s3_n16.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s20_n7.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s20_n21.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s11_n2.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s9_n3.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s20_n3.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s6_n4.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s20_n10.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s2_n5.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/non_micro/s3_n29.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s3_ne_18.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s11_po_02.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s1_sur_01.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s8_ne_07.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s20_ne_10.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s8_ne_08.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s3_po_11.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s4_ne_02.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s13_po_01.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s13_po_09.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s20_ne_06.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s3_ne_04.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s8_po_03.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s4_sur_02.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s2_sur_03.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s20_sur_01.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s1_ne_01.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s20_ne_07.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s3_ne_11.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s3_po_05.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s3_ne_16.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s3_ne_13.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s20_po_02.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s12_po_07.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s20_ne_14.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s3_po_10.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s6_ne_01.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s3_ne_02.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s3_sur_02.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s9_sur_02.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s9_po_01.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s2_sur_02.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s3_ne_01.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s20_ne_03.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s4_sur_01.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s3_ne_15.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s18_sur_02.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s4_sur_03.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s12_po_01.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s4_sur_05.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s20_po_01.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s1_ne_02.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s9_sur_03.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s5_ne_01.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s20_ne_05.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s12_po_05.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s3_ne_17.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s4_ne_07.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s2_sur_05.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s3_po_04.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s3_sur_06.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s3_ne_09.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s20_ne_13.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s13_po_03.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s18_sur_05.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s13_po_02.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s20_po_03.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s6_ne_02.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s8_ne_06.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s8_po_02.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s3_po_07.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s4_ne_10.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s14_sur_03.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s19_sur_01.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s3_ne_20.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s3_po_03.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s4_ne_06.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s4_po_04.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s3_ne_05.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s4_po_01.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s20_sur_04.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s15_ne_01.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s18_sur_01.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s8_ne_02.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s15_sur_02.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s3_sur_05.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s11_ne_02.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s11_ne_01.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s14_po_01.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s4_sur_04.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s3_ne_06.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s3_ne_07.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s8_ne_05.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s20_ne_02.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s3_sur_01.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s3_po_01.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s3_ne_19.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s14_po_02.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s4_po_03.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s13_po_06.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s13_po_05.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s15_po_01.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s14_sur_02.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s12_po_06.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s8_po_04.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s2_sur_04.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s3_ne_03.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s3_po_06.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s1_po_02.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s3_ne_12.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s3_sur_03.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s11_ne_03.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s20_sur_02.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s14_sur_05.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s15_sur_01.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s14_ne_03.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s8_ne_04.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s1_po_01.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s20_ne_11.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s3_ne_10.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s3_ne_14.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s19_po_01.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s6_sur_01.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s13_po_10.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s11_sur_01.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s9_sur_01.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s4_ne_01.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s8_ne_09.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s18_sur_03.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s13_po_04.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s3_ne_21.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s20_sur_03.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s12_sur_01.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s12_po_08.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s8_ne_01.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s13_po_08.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s20_ne_09.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s18_ne_02.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s20_ne_01.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s12_po_04.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s2_po_01.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s4_ne_04.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s3_ne_08.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s20_ne_12.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s11_po_01.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s3_sur_04.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s12_po_03.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s20_sur_05.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s13_po_07.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s3_po_08.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s3_po_09.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s14_sur_01.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s4_ne_08.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s12_po_02.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s8_po_01.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s8_ne_03.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s4_po_02.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s20_ne_04.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s4_ne_05.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s6_sur_02.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s14_sur_04.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s4_ne_09.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s14_ne_01.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s4_ne_03.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s14_ne_02.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s18_ne_01.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s5_sur_01.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s1_ne_03.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s18_sur_04.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s11_po_03.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s20_ne_08.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s3_ne_22.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/10/detect/micro/s2_sur_01.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s20_n5.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s18_n3.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s3_n10.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s3_n12.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s20_n12.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s13_n8.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s12_n5.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s11_n6.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s3_n32.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s11_n1.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s4_n9.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s14_n10.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s4_n3.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s20_n11.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s4_n13.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s12_n1.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s13_n2.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s3_n7.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s3_n23.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s14_n9.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s5_n2.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s3_n25.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s1_n1.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s2_n1.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s3_n36.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s4_n12.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s4_n2.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s20_n20.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s3_n31.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s14_n5.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s3_n21.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s2_n3.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s20_n14.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s18_n2.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s8_n8.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s3_n26.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s15_n3.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s20_n9.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s3_n24.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s20_n2.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s2_n6.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s2_n4.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s4_n14.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s1_n3.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s3_n33.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s13_n3.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s4_n15.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s8_n6.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s18_n5.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s1_n2.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s3_n38.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s3_n3.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s12_n2.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s4_n1.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s3_n9.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s15_n2.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s15_n1.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s12_n8.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s3_n4.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s14_n7.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s9_n4.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s4_n6.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s12_n4.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s14_n1.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s8_n9.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s4_n19.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s3_n11.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s8_n12.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s12_n7.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s8_n3.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s12_n9.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s4_n4.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s4_n11.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s14_n4.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s13_n6.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s3_n27.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s18_n1.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s3_n28.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s4_n8.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s20_n16.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s14_n2.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s6_n2.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s3_n19.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s1_n5.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s13_n4.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s13_n9.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s8_n5.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s3_n8.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s8_n13.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s4_n16.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s14_n3.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s20_n15.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s4_n7.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s3_n39.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s3_n14.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s5_n1.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s4_n5.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s3_n2.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s20_n18.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s20_n4.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s3_n5.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s20_n1.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s8_n4.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s20_n6.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s12_n6.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s9_n2.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s6_n1.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s11_n5.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s3_n37.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s4_n10.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s6_n3.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s11_n4.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s4_n17.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s3_n6.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s3_n35.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s3_n20.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s3_n15.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s18_n6.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s1_n4.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s8_n10.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s3_n1.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s12_n3.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s4_n18.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s18_n7.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s3_n17.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s19_n2.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s15_n4.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s3_n30.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s3_n34.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s1_n6.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s14_n6.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s11_n3.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s11_n7.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s2_n2.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s13_n10.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s18_n4.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s8_n11.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s8_n1.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s20_n22.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s8_n2.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s3_n13.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s20_n19.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s20_n17.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s13_n5.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s3_n22.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s14_n8.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s3_n18.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s19_n1.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s13_n1.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s9_n1.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s13_n7.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s20_n8.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s20_n13.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s3_n16.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s20_n7.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s20_n21.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s11_n2.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s9_n3.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s20_n3.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s6_n4.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s20_n10.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s2_n5.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/non_micro/s3_n29.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s3_ne_18.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s11_po_02.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s1_sur_01.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s8_ne_07.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s20_ne_10.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s8_ne_08.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s3_po_11.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s4_ne_02.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s13_po_01.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s13_po_09.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s20_ne_06.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s3_ne_04.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s8_po_03.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s4_sur_02.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s2_sur_03.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s20_sur_01.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s1_ne_01.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s20_ne_07.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s3_ne_11.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s3_po_05.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s3_ne_16.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s3_ne_13.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s20_po_02.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s12_po_07.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s20_ne_14.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s3_po_10.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s6_ne_01.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s3_sur_02.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s9_sur_02.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s9_po_01.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s2_sur_02.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s3_ne_01.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s20_ne_03.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s4_sur_01.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s3_ne_15.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s18_sur_02.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s4_sur_03.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s12_po_01.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s4_sur_05.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s20_po_01.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s1_ne_02.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s9_sur_03.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s5_ne_01.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s20_ne_05.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s12_po_05.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s3_ne_17.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s4_ne_07.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s2_sur_05.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s3_po_04.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s3_sur_06.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s3_ne_09.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s20_ne_13.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s13_po_03.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s18_sur_05.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s13_po_02.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s20_po_03.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s6_ne_02.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s8_ne_06.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s8_po_02.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s3_po_07.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s4_ne_10.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s14_sur_03.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s19_sur_01.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s3_ne_20.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s3_po_03.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s4_ne_06.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s4_po_04.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s3_ne_05.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s4_po_01.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s20_sur_04.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s15_ne_01.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s18_sur_01.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s8_ne_02.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s15_sur_02.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s3_sur_05.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s11_ne_02.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s11_ne_01.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s14_po_01.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s4_sur_04.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s3_ne_06.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s3_ne_07.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s8_ne_05.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s20_ne_02.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s3_sur_01.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s3_po_01.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s3_ne_19.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s14_po_02.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s4_po_03.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s13_po_06.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s13_po_05.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s15_po_01.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s14_sur_02.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s12_po_06.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s8_po_04.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s2_sur_04.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s3_ne_03.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s3_po_06.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s1_po_02.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s3_ne_12.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s3_sur_03.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s11_ne_03.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s20_sur_02.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s14_sur_05.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s15_sur_01.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s14_ne_03.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s8_ne_04.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s1_po_01.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s20_ne_11.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s3_ne_10.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s3_ne_14.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s19_po_01.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s6_sur_01.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s13_po_10.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s11_sur_01.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s9_sur_01.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s4_ne_01.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s8_ne_09.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s18_sur_03.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s13_po_04.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s3_ne_21.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s20_sur_03.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s12_sur_01.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s12_po_08.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s8_ne_01.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s13_po_08.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s20_ne_09.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s18_ne_02.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s20_ne_01.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s12_po_04.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s2_po_01.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s4_ne_04.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s3_ne_08.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s20_ne_12.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s11_po_01.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s3_sur_04.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s20_sur_05.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s13_po_07.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s3_po_08.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s3_po_09.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s14_sur_01.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s4_ne_08.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s12_po_02.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s8_po_01.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s8_ne_03.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s4_po_02.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s20_ne_04.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s4_ne_05.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s6_sur_02.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s14_sur_04.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s4_ne_09.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s14_ne_01.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s4_ne_03.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s14_ne_02.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s18_ne_01.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s5_sur_01.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s1_ne_03.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s18_sur_04.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s11_po_03.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s20_ne_08.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s3_ne_22.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/20/detect/micro/s2_sur_01.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s20_n5.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s18_n3.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s3_n10.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s3_n12.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s20_n12.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s13_n8.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s12_n5.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s11_n6.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s3_n32.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s11_n1.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s4_n9.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s14_n10.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s4_n3.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s20_n11.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s4_n13.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s12_n1.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s13_n2.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s3_n7.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s3_n23.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s14_n9.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s5_n2.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s3_n25.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s1_n1.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s2_n1.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s3_n36.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s4_n12.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s4_n2.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s20_n20.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s3_n31.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s14_n5.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s3_n21.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s2_n3.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s20_n14.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s18_n2.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s8_n8.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s3_n26.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s15_n3.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s20_n9.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s3_n24.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s20_n2.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s2_n6.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s2_n4.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s4_n14.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s1_n3.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s3_n33.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s13_n3.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s4_n15.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s8_n6.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s18_n5.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s8_n7.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s1_n2.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s3_n38.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s3_n3.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s12_n2.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s4_n1.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s3_n9.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s15_n2.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s15_n1.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s12_n8.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s3_n4.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s14_n7.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s9_n4.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s4_n6.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s12_n4.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s14_n1.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s8_n9.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s4_n19.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s3_n11.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s8_n12.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s12_n7.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s8_n3.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s12_n9.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s4_n4.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s4_n11.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s14_n4.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s13_n6.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s3_n27.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s18_n1.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s3_n28.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s4_n8.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s20_n16.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s14_n2.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s6_n2.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s3_n19.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s1_n5.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s13_n4.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s13_n9.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s8_n5.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s3_n8.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s8_n13.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s4_n16.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s14_n3.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s20_n15.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s4_n7.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s3_n39.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s3_n14.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s5_n1.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s4_n5.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s3_n2.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s20_n18.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s20_n4.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s3_n5.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s20_n1.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s8_n4.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s20_n6.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s12_n6.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s9_n2.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s6_n1.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s11_n5.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s3_n37.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s4_n10.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s6_n3.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s11_n4.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s4_n17.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s3_n6.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s3_n35.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s3_n20.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s3_n15.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s18_n6.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s1_n4.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s8_n10.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s3_n1.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s12_n3.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s4_n18.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s18_n7.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s3_n17.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s19_n2.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s15_n4.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s3_n30.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s3_n34.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s1_n6.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s14_n6.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s11_n3.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s11_n7.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s2_n2.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s13_n10.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s18_n4.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s8_n11.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s8_n1.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s20_n22.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s8_n2.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s3_n13.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s20_n19.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s20_n17.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s13_n5.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s3_n22.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s14_n8.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s3_n18.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s19_n1.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s13_n1.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s9_n1.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s13_n7.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s20_n8.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s20_n13.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s3_n16.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s20_n7.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s20_n21.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s11_n2.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s9_n3.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s20_n3.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s6_n4.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s20_n10.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s2_n5.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/non_micro/s3_n29.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s3_ne_18.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s11_po_02.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s1_sur_01.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s8_ne_07.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s20_ne_10.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s8_ne_08.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s3_po_11.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s4_ne_02.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s13_po_01.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s13_po_09.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s20_ne_06.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s3_ne_04.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s8_po_03.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s4_sur_02.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s2_sur_03.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s20_sur_01.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s1_ne_01.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s20_ne_07.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s3_ne_11.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s3_po_05.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s3_ne_16.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s3_ne_13.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s20_po_02.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s12_po_07.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s20_ne_14.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s3_po_10.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s6_ne_01.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s3_sur_02.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s9_sur_02.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s9_po_01.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s2_sur_02.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s3_ne_01.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s20_ne_03.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s4_sur_01.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s3_ne_15.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s18_sur_02.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s4_sur_03.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s12_po_01.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s4_sur_05.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s20_po_01.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s1_ne_02.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s9_sur_03.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s5_ne_01.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s20_ne_05.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s12_po_05.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s3_ne_17.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s4_ne_07.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s2_sur_05.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s3_po_04.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s3_sur_06.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s3_ne_09.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s20_ne_13.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s13_po_03.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s18_sur_05.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s13_po_02.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s20_po_03.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s6_ne_02.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s8_ne_06.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s8_po_02.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s3_po_07.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s4_ne_10.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s14_sur_03.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s19_sur_01.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s3_ne_20.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s3_po_03.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s4_ne_06.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s4_po_04.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s3_ne_05.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s4_po_01.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s20_sur_04.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s15_ne_01.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s18_sur_01.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s8_ne_02.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s15_sur_02.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s3_sur_05.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s11_ne_02.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s11_ne_01.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s14_po_01.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s4_sur_04.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s3_ne_06.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s3_ne_07.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s8_ne_05.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s20_ne_02.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s3_sur_01.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s3_po_01.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s3_ne_19.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s14_po_02.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s4_po_03.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s13_po_06.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s13_po_05.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s15_po_01.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s14_sur_02.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s12_po_06.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s8_po_04.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s2_sur_04.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s3_ne_03.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s3_po_06.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s1_po_02.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s3_ne_12.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s3_sur_03.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s11_ne_03.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s20_sur_02.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s14_sur_05.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s15_sur_01.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s14_ne_03.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s8_ne_04.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s1_po_01.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s20_ne_11.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s3_ne_10.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s3_ne_14.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s19_po_01.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s6_sur_01.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s13_po_10.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s11_sur_01.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s9_sur_01.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s4_ne_01.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s8_ne_09.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s18_sur_03.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s13_po_04.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s3_ne_21.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s20_sur_03.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s12_sur_01.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s12_po_08.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s8_ne_01.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s13_po_08.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s20_ne_09.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s18_ne_02.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s20_ne_01.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s12_po_04.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s2_po_01.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s4_ne_04.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s3_ne_08.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s20_ne_12.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s11_po_01.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s3_sur_04.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s12_po_03.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s20_sur_05.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s13_po_07.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s3_po_08.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s3_po_09.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s14_sur_01.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s4_ne_08.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s12_po_02.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s8_po_01.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s8_ne_03.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s4_po_02.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s20_ne_04.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s4_ne_05.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s6_sur_02.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s14_sur_04.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s4_ne_09.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s14_ne_01.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s4_ne_03.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s14_ne_02.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s18_ne_01.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s5_sur_01.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s1_ne_03.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s18_sur_04.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s11_po_03.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s20_ne_08.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s3_ne_22.mat
python getMainDirection.py HSFeature/15/detect/micro/s2_sur_01.mat
